BookB-Pset_GeoScienceFeatureTypeFault (#621)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/f/FaultDeformationStyle_1lYGGx_1jCCxEUZce$aPdE/Documentation.md

> Contain a human readable description of the style of deformation (e.g. brittle, ductile etc.) for the ShearDisplacementStructure. To report an identifier from a controlled vocabulary, deformationStyle_uri shall be used.

Author: ```suggestion
A human readable description of the style of deformation (e.g. brittle, ductile etc.) for the ShearDisplacementStructure. To report an identifier from a controlled vocabulary, deformationStyle_uri shall be used.

> NOTE: Definition according to OGC Geoscience Markup Language 4.1 (GeoSciML) (8.9.8.7 deformationStyle) 
> NOTE A controlled vocabulary may be found at  http://resource.geosciml.org/classifier/cgi/deformationstyle
```

Reviewer: I would also remove "Contain" from the start of the description if you could amend your proposal @larswik

> Contain a human readable description of the style of deformation (e.g. brittle, ductile etc.) for the ShearDisplacementStructure.  To report an identifier from a controlled vocabulary, deformationStyle_uri shall be used.

Reviewer: What is ShearDisplacementStructure?

Also "deformationStyle_uri" probably requires a reference.
```suggestion
Contain a human readable description of the style of deformation (e.g. brittle, ductile etc.) for the ShearDisplacementStructure. To report an identifier from a controlled vocabulary, deformationStyle_uri shall be used.
```

Author: > What is ShearDisplacementStructure?
> 
> Also "deformationStyle_uri" probably requires a reference.

Can't we change that when the IfcURIReference PR has been merged?

Reviewer: I don't know what "IfcURIReference PR" is. But happy to do that if you know what is required.

Reviewer 2: See reference from OneGeology.org on predefined properties and GeoSCIML Schema 4.0 at : https://onegeology.org/archive/wmsCookbook/7_3_2.html
